And in the day's other news: The
Supreme Court of South Carolina
ruled that same-sex couples
deserve the same protections
from domestic violence
as heterosexual couples.
The court said that the
state's existing law
is unconstitutional.
Several other states
have already changed
their laws on the issue.
Activists expressed hope
that today's decision
encourages more to do so.
The U.S. Senate voted down a
proposal today to repeal the
Affordable Care Act two years
from now, while it
works on a replacement.
It was the latest sign that
it is going to be tougher to
win passage of a health care
reform bill than it was
just simply to get the votes
yesterday to begin debate.
We will have a full report on
this after the news summary.
President Trump took a new
verbal shot at U.S. Attorney
General Jeff Sessions today.
On Twitter, he complained that
Sessions ought to fire acting
FBI Director Andrew McCabe
for allegedly being too close
to his fired predecessor, James
Comey, and to Hillary Clinton.
Even so, White House Press
Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
left open the possibility
that the president may
decide to keep Sessions.
SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS:
He's obviously disappointed,
but also wants the attorney
general to continue
to focus on the things
the attorney general does.
Look, you can be disappointed
in someone, but still want
them to continue to do their
job.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the past week,
the president has subjected
Sessions to daily hectoring
for recusing himself
in the Russia probe.
But at a rally last night, Mr.
Trump rejected criticism of his
own behavior, saying -- quote
- - "It is so easy to act
presidential, but that's
not going to get it done."
In Afghanistan, Taliban gunmen
killed at least 26 Afghan
soldiers today after storming an
army base in the
country's south.
The attack took place near
Kandahar, Afghanistan's
second largest city.
It came as the Taliban
has made significant
gains across the country.
Back in this country,
a bit of good news:
Republican Congressman
Steve Scalise has been
released from a Washington
hospital after being shot and
critically wounded last month.
He will now begin what
the hospital called
intensive rehabilitation.
The Louisiana lawmaker was one
of four people shot by a gunman
during a baseball practice.
He has had several surgeries.
The Federal Reserve is
keeping its standard
interest rate unchanged.
The Central Bank today cited
solid job gains, but noted that
inflation remains below the
target level.
Fed officials already raised
rates twice this year.
President Trump today
announced that the
Taiwan-based Foxconn will
build a $10 billion plant in
Wisconsin to make liquid
crystal display panels.
It could mean 3,000
jobs, if it's built.
Foxconn has not always
followed through on new
projects in the U.S.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average gained
97 points to close at 21711.
The Nasdaq rose 10, and the
S&P 500 was up a fraction.